</p>Bill, known for his fitting nickname, is a remarkable individual who has exuded energy and dedication throughout his 40-year career as a plumber and his personal life. Even from a young age, he engaged in various sports such as baseball, swimming, skiing, motorcross racing, skydiving, scuba diving, and even flying airplanes. With an unwavering work ethic, he consistently displayed professionalism and devoted himself to ensuring the satisfaction of his numerous customers.

</p>In 2012, Bill received a diagnosis of systemic scleroderma, an autoimmune disease. Despite experiencing a rash and the hardening of his hands, which made work challenging, he refused to let these obstacles hinder him and continued working for several more years. However, in 2016, his condition took a turn for the worse. While working, he began to experience difficulty breathing, and a lung biopsy revealed that his disease had progressed to his lungs, causing Interstitial Lung Disease (ILD). This condition is characterized by the progressive scarring of lung tissue between and supporting the air sacs. Nevertheless, Bill persevered and remained dedicated to his plumbing profession, determined not to let anything stand in his way.

</p>Bill sought medical care at MUSC in Charleston, where, in 2020, he was prescribed oxygen and discussions began regarding a potential lung transplant. Unfortunately, the lung transplant testing did not occur as planned, as Bill experienced a major setback in 2021. In April, he was hospitalized due to a bout of COVID, and just three weeks later, he returned to the hospital with a heart attack. Then, in August, he spent another three weeks in the hospital due to Empyema, a condition involving fluid in the pleural space. Following the initial procedure to drain the fluid, Bill encountered further complications when he developed an infection several weeks later, resulting in a seven-month hospital stay. Upon his release in March 2022, he was extremely weak, weighing only 109 lbs. I, as a medical assistant, had to resign from my job to become his full-time caregiver. With the progression of his lung disease, Bill now relies on oxygen around the clock, can accomplish very little, takes numerous medications, and continues to endure an open wound on his side.

</p>This challenging period has taken a toll on our entire family. Bill has suffered immense pain and has been unable to partake in the activities he loves. As his caregiver, it has been extraordinarily difficult for me, and our daughter Alexis has witnessed her father's suffering and deterioration, watching him become a mere shadow of his former self. The physical and emotional burden we all bear is enormous, particularly for Bill, who had to relinquish his business and sell his truck, materials, and tools, resulting in a deeply saddening time for us all.

</p>Despite the setbacks, Bill, being the ultimate fighter, refused to abandon the hope of receiving a lung transplant. After being rejected by the transplant program at MUSC, we pursued three other transplant programs, all of which declined his case due to his complicated medical history. Currently, Bill is undergoing evaluation at the Miami Transplant Institute in Miami. Their transplant team has thoroughly reviewed his medical records and held multiple Zoom meetings with us. If the testing progresses favorably, they have expressed their willingness to accept him for listing as a candidate for a lung transplant, even with his persistent open wound. We are profoundly grateful for this opportunity and the chance it presents. Should he be accepted, we will need to relocate to the Miami area for a period of one to two years.

</p>However, with significant surgeries come substantial expenses. Both Bill and I are currently unemployed, relying solely on a fixed income. There will be medical costs not covered by insurance, as well as expenses associated with travel, relocation, and living in the expensive city of Miami. Donations will provide crucial assistance in covering these additional financial burdens.

</p>Every contribution, regardless of its size, will have a tremendous impact and will be sincerely appreciated. We kindly request your support in sharing our story and spreading the word. Thank you for your compassion and consideration.

</p>Warm regards,

</p>The Anthony Family

</p>We extend our heartfelt gratitude to each and every individual who contributes to the "Breathe for Bill" campaign. Your thoughts, kindness, and donations will not only alleviate the financial burden on our family but also provide a lifeline for Bill's future. We are eternally grateful for your support and compassion.

</P>Warm regards,

</p>The Anthony Family